So one of the major benefits my job. What I think is great about it is
just the diversity that you experience every single day. It's really
not the same thing every single day. You're given many opportunities
to kind of think on your own and be responsible. Even our most junior
personnel, at a very early start in their career, are given tremendous
responsibility where that's leading personnel or they're responsible
for multimillion dollar worth of equipment. I don't think you
can really find that in many other places, not even within the Navy,
at some points as well as in the civilian world. I mean, what civilian
job do you know is going to give an 18 year old the ability to
make critical decisions as well as being charge of millions of dollars
worth of gear? That is gonna potentially cause impact or threat
to not only friendly forces but to our enemy forces. So that's kind
of one of the biggest benefits of working in this community is the
fact that you're really given a lot of freedom and leeway and looked
at as an intellectual adult who's able to make decisions and move the
ball forward for progressing the force in the community